Hello everyone and welcome back.
It's time for a challenge lecture to put your new skills to the test.
We've learned enough now that before we continue to learn more about your Ehle mappings we should challenge
you to make sure you can test out your new skills.
A watch to complete the following tasks.
First create a new Gengel project and call it something like pro to or project to then create a new
Gengel application.
You can call it app to or application too and this will go inside that new jingle project that I want
you to create an index view inside of that new Django application and I want you to have it return this
line.
My second app wraps in emphasis tags.
So note that this is actual HVM Melk code.
The reason I'm asking you to do this is because I want you to explore what happens when you actually
a string of HLL code instead of just a normal string that I want you to link that you'd that your stock
price file and run your server to make sure it actually returned that new index you created.
Then the next lecture were going to go through the steps of this challenge task.
Best of luck.
I know you already have all the knowledge needed to complete this task but in case you get stuck on
anything you can refer back to the previous lectures or you can view the upcoming solutions lecture.
Thanks everyone and I'll see you at the next lecture.